docs: fix small typos and stylings in setup.md (#1831)
mattermost/desktop: docs/setup.md

### OS X

> For OS X 10.11 El Capitan. For older versions of OS X the instruction are similar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For macOS 10.11 El Capitan. For older versions of macOS the instruction are similar.
```

   Find the file ending in `-linux-*.tar.gz`

2. Extract the archive, then execute `Mattermost` which is located inside the extracted directory

3. If you need the Desktop Entry, please execute `create_desktop_file.sh`. It creates `Mattermost.desktop`.

    Please refer to https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Desktop_entries

## Configuration
You have to configure the application to interact with your teams.

1. Open **Settings Page**. If you use the application for the first time, **Settings Page** should appear automatically.

>    You can also access the **Settings Page** by the following methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can also access the **Settings Page** using one of the following methods:
```

>    - Windows: Press `Alt` key to bring up the menu at the top of the window, then click `File -> Settings`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Windows: Press the `ALT` key to bring up the menu at the top of the window, then select **File > Settings**.
```

>    - OS X: Click `Mattermost` from the menu at the top of the screen, then click `Preferences...`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - macOS: Select **Mattermost** from the menu at the top of the screen, then select **Preferences**.
```

  - **Settings** (CTRL+,) - Open setting menu to add new team sites and configure shortcut key options
  - **Quit** (CTRL+Q) - Exit the application
- **Edit**
  - **Undo** (CTRL+Z) - Reverse previous action
  - **Redo** (CTRL+SHIFT+Z, CTRL+Y on Windows) - Replay most recent action
  - **Cut** (CTRL+X) - Cut selected text
  - **Copy** (CTRL+C) - Copy selected text
  - **Paste** (CTRL+V) - Paste text from clipboard
  - **Select All** (CTRL+A) - Select all text in input box
  - **Search in Team** (CTRL+S) - Put cursor in search box to search in the current team
- **View**
  - **Find..** (CTRL+F)- Find in page
  - **Reload** (CTRL+R) - Reload page from the server
  - **Clear Cache and Reload** (CTRL+SHIFT+R) - Clear cached content in application and reload page
  - **Toggle Full Screen** (F11) - Toggle application from window to full screen and back
  - **Toggle Developer Tools** (CTRL+SHIFT+I) - Turn on and off sidebar showing developer tools
  - **Actual Size** (Ctrl+0) - Reset zoom level
  - **Zoom In** (CTRL++) - Enlarge the rendered contents size
  - **Zoom In** (CTRL+-) - Shrink the rendered contents size
- **History**

>   - **Back** (ALT+LEFT, CMD+`[` on macOS) - Go back to previous web page in the current tab

Reviewer: Please could you confirm this command as it looks similar to the one below. Thank you!

Author: ALT+LEFT and ALT+RIGHT work on Linux, got no Mac to test this on

Reviewer: Thanks for testing! I tested on macOS and can confirm the listed command works. I just changed the formatting. :)

   - **Hide Menu Bar** (Windows, Linux)
      - This option hides the menu bar. Press "Alt" to show it.

>    - **Show Icon on Menu Bar** (OS X)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Show Icon on Menu Bar** (macOS)
```

Author: can't apply from GitHub itself, the changed line is "Outdated"
